Release 0.91 doc update (#2407)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/architecture.md

- The Debezium Redis Sink Connector requires the credentials and certificate to connect and write data into Redis Data Integration DB.
- The Debezium Source Connector requires the source DB secrets.
- The RDI CLI requires a Certificate to connect to the Redis Enterprise cluster. For the create command it requires the credentials of a privileged user but it does not cache or store these credentials.

Credentials and Certificate can be served in one of the following ways:

- Entered manually as parameters to a CLI command (where applicable).
- Stored in environment variables.
- Injected to the temp file system by a secret store agent (e.g. [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/)).

## Scalability and high availability

Redis Data Integration is highly available:

- At the feeder level: Debezium Server is deployed using [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) or [Pacemaker](https://clusterlabs.org/pacemaker/) for failover between stateless instances, while the state is secured in Redis.
- At the Data and Control Plane: Using Redis Enterprise mechanisms for high availability (shard replica, cluster level configurations, etc.)

Redis Data Integration is horizontally scalable:

> - Table level data streams can be split to multiple shards where they can be transformed and written to the target in parallel, while keeping table level order of updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Table-level data streams can be split to multiple shards where they can be transformed and written to the target in parallel, while keeping the table-level order of updates.
```

## Tested topologies

> Redis Data Integration is running on Redis Enterprise. It works on any installation of Redis Enterprise regardless of the runtime (bare metal, VMs or containers).

Reviewer: It felt like there was a missing word after "runtime".
```suggestion
Redis Data Integration runs on Redis Enterprise. It works on any installation of Redis Enterprise regardless of the runtime environment (bare metal, VMs, or containers).
```

Redis Data Integration can be collocated with the target Redis DB or run on a different Redis Enterprise cluster.

> Debezium Server should run in warm High Availability topology in one of the following options:

Reviewer: I'm not sure about "run in...topology" here, but I'm also not entirely sure what wording would fit best here. Also, I'm also not sure what "warm" means in this context.
```suggestion
Debezium Server should run as a warm high availability topology in one of the following options:
```

> - Running on 2 VMs in an active/passive setup. The failover orchestration can be done by tools such as [Pacemaker](https://clusterlabs.org/pacemaker/doc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running on 2 VMs in an Active-Passive setup. The failover orchestration can be done by tools such as [Pacemaker](https://clusterlabs.org/pacemaker/doc/).
```

> - Running as a Kubernetes pod where Kubernetes watches the pod liveliness and readiness and acts to recover nonfunctional pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running as a Kubernetes pod where Kubernetes watches the pod liveliness and readiness and acts to recover nonfunctional pods.
```

>   It is important to note that Redis Data Integration does not keep any state on Debezium. All state is kept in Redis Data Integration.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion

{{<note>}}
Redis Data Integration does not keep any states on Debezium. All states are kept in Redis Data Integration.
{{</note>}}
```
